feat: add TWIN White Paper section (#115)
twinfoundation/docs: docs/twin-white-paper.md

# TWIN Reference Architecture: Building the Future of Global Trade

## Seamless Trading for All Through Open, Interoperable Infrastructure

> TWIN (Trade Worldwide Information Network) is an open-source platform that revolutionizes how businesses, governments, and organizations share data and documents across global value chains. By combining cutting-edge technologies like distributed ledger technology (DLT), data spaces, and verifiable credentials, TWIN creates a secure, transparent, and decentralized ecosystem for international trade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TWIN (Trade Worldwide Information Network) is an open-source data pipeline that revolutionizes how businesses, governments, and organizations share data and documents across global value chains. By combining cutting-edge technologies like distributed ledger technology (DLT), data spaces, and verifiable credentials, TWIN creates a secure, transparent, and decentralized ecosystem for international trade.
```

## Key Benefits

- **Interoperable by Design**: Works with existing systems without vendor lock-in
- **Data Sovereignty**: Organizations maintain full control over their data
- **Scalable & Secure**: Built on blockchain technology for trust and transparency
- **Open Standards**: Based on W3C, UN/CEFACT, and other global standards
- **Democratized Access**: Enables small and medium enterprises to participate in digital trade

## What's Inside This Whitepaper

> This comprehensive technical specification outlines TWIN's reference architecture, covering everything from system design principles to implementation details. Software architects, solution designers, and engineers will find detailed guidance on building interoperable trade solutions that leverage TWIN's modular, standards-based approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This comprehensive technical report outlines TWIN's reference architecture, covering the main architectural design principles, the fundamental software layers, services and their interactions. Software architects, solution designers, and engineers will find detailed guidance on building interoperable trade solutions that leverage TWIN's modular, standards-based approach.
```

Perfect for organizations looking to digitize their supply chains, improve compliance with ESG regulations, or build next-generation trade finance solutions.

> This whitepaper represents over four years of research and development by the IOTA Foundation, with support from Trademark Africa, UK Chartered Institute of Export & International Trade, and EU Horizon programs.

Reviewer 2: I would remove the `, with support from.....` to the end of the line. So that other partners don't feel left out.
